All right, so what do we need to do next is to set up our repository, which will allow us to then
tap into our API.
OK, so let's go back to our code here.
So in our repository, we create a new class.
It's called this book repository.
Such it's going to just be a normal class like any thing else, except that we are going to inject here.
Our constructor with the private API should say Private File API, which is going to be our books API
because we need access to our books API in order to get the data right.
Our repository will have functions that will access our API Books API here.
Remember to get for it to get all books or get info books.
So we are going to create a suspend function here because remember, we want to make sure that all of
these transactions are done correctly instead of a quarantine so that it can force everything to run
in the back thread.
So suspend fun here.
I'm going to say get books, and of course, I'm going to pass a search query, which is going to be
just a string.
And now here, here, now here I'm going to receive a list.
OK, this list will contain items.
Now make sure that we get our items from our models.
So this is the item.
If you go ahead and click on that, it is this item here which says access, info, tag and so forth.
Get the volume info.
So essentially what we're doing is we are getting each one of these objects inside of this items list
or right?
Right?
So we're modelling after these data here.
So then we can go and get kind ID tag or volume info, which is an object within itself and get title
authors and so forth.
This will have to, of course, be a function and returns a list, so it's going to expect to return
the list.
Now, the way things are right now, it would work fine because we expecting a list of item and that's
fine.
However, it will be nice to be able to wrap this list inside of another object or another class per
se, so that we can attach more information to it.
Right.
So again, for instance, attach whether the transaction was successful of getting this data, whether
there are exceptions and so forth.
OK.
So to simplify our lives, I'm going to create a yet another class here inside of our data.
It's going to be a sealed class, and let's call this resource.
The name anything but resource source works just fine.
So what is this resource?
Well, this resource is going to be expecting a type T template, which means it's going to be a generic
so it can pass any type you want.
And then here in its constructor, I'm going to pass a validator.
It's going to receive that type T, which also, by the way, we can just say, can be no and we're
going to pass Val message.
Any kind of message we want could be a string type, OK, in this case.
Which can also be no, I.
And then inside of his class, then I'm going to create other classes that inherit our resource in this
case and was, say, success, for instance, it's going to pass any type T.
Right?
And then the data is going to be of the type you that we are accepting, you know, success last year
and this will inherit resource.
T and we're going to pass the data.
OK, I'm going to create yet another class here called error.
So if there are some issues, exceptions and so forth, you can actually pass all like that.
When I say message, it's going to be a string.
And I can pass data in this case T, which can also be, no, I such.
OK.
And that pass resource tea and data.
And message, and I can also create another class here that will handle the loading status opacity in
the data of this type of any type, really.
And of course, it can be no said it to.
No.
And it's also going to inherit from our resource team and we pass along that data.
So what we do here is that now we can have a structure that we can use such a resource type Typekit
can pass the type, let's say, list of item like we have.
And then we're going to be able then to say, Well, in this class here we can pass a data.
In this case here, we can then attach information to our list because it can be wrapped in some of
a resource so we can pass data, which will in this case, can be the object that we're getting from
our API, right or can be no nothing, and we can pass a message along and so forth, right?
And we can also attach the success error and loading.
So this is a very important way of structuring your objects or wrapping your objects that require may
require a little bit more data so that we have more information about the status of the data for sale.
So what I'm going to do next here is that instead of passing in a list of item, I actually just like
that.
We actually get a wrap inside of a resource and the type is going to be a list of items like that.
So now we can say, try put this inside of a tray.
You can save file item list, for instance.
It's going to be a list of type e, whatever we want, and some would say API that get all books and
pass our search query like that.
And then we say that items.
So what I'm saying now, because this item list, here we are.
We actually in getting all the books from our data.
We actually getting all the books from our API and we are not just getting all the books as such, but
we have to go and say dot items because you can see the items, meaning this endpoint here is a list.
So we're getting the list of all of books.
And now it's going to be inside of an item list.
Well, when that happens, because I know this resource object here it has.
Many other we can parcel, because I know a resource we can, so once that happens, I'm going to use
a resource again, a good friend, right?
And I can see the success class.
I'm going to pass.
In this case, some data along with, say, data, it's going to be what item.
So now this item list is going to be wrapped inside of our resource.
That's success.
And while I'm here, I can go ahead when this is about to happen.
Write this Try about two is about to be ran against a resource.
Look at that.
Loading the data.
In this case, it's going to be something like loading and then going to pass catch here.
It's an exception.
And then it was the resource, so in this case here.
So if this happens, we have an exception.
We can then load up our resource again class that we created.
And I'm going to say that error.
And then I'm going to pass a message that says.
Well, I'm going to just pass the exception that we're receiving that message and to drink like this,
and because we need to return a resource type, all we can do really is just, say, return in the beginning
there, so it will go ahead and try and return what needs to be return dependent on the status of our
data fetching?
OK, so while we're here, let's go ahead and create the next one.
It's going to be suspended fine.
This is going to be get book info, which we will look at later, but nevertheless we here.
Let's go ahead and deal with it.
So book it.
That's what we need to pass, and it's going to be a strain type of the same thing.
This guy now needs a resource of type item.
That's where we receiving.
We just want one book really or book object.
OK, item.
In this case, so do the same things if our.
Response.
And then I just add that to try as such, and I'm going to say, in fact, for this day to hear this
can be any type, I can just pass a Boolean.
This is the beauty.
I can just say true because it is updating, right?
And this is the beauty.
Again, if we go back to a resource that's the beauty of having a template of having generics because
it we can pass any time we want.
That's why we have this t i the template.
All right.
There we go.
So back to our get info here.
Well, get book info.
That is I'm going to use start by saying resource that loading again.
And for a data, I'm going to say it's going to be true that we need indeed floating.
OK, and then let's say API, I get book info like that and pass out a book ID because that's what's
needed.
OK.
And then we say, catch again, exception, exception.
Caitlin Java doesn't matter, really.
And then here, I'm just going to say in return a resource
that error.
And I'm going to pass the message.
Say an error occurred.
And if I want to get past the exception and then at the end here at the bottom, I'm going to still
say resource again, that loading.
I'm going to say it to false, right?
Data now is false because everything they loaded should be over with.
And then let's go ahead and return our resource success.
Which then and we're best for our data, I'm going to pass the response that we just received there.
I did.
So what we can do here, I can just check to see if real quick item list that is not empty.
Then I can say resource.
Not loading in past data to.
False.
OK, so what I'm doing here is that in the beginning, a resource is loading is true.
And then once we hopefully have something, you know, get old books, then we are just going to check
if items is not empty, if that's the case.
We're going to check sector loading to false.
All right.
OK.
That should be that should do it.
Next, we are going to see how can we use this book?
Book a repository and see if we can start getting some data from our API.